Add deprecation notice for launch templates. (#10809)
kubernetes/kops: docs/releases/1.19-NOTES.md

* The experimental node authorizor is now ignored if you are using kubernetes 1.19. The feature will be removed in 1.20. Worker nodes will instead be authorized using kops-controller.

> * Support for AWS LaunchConfiguration is being deprecated and will be removed in kOps 1.21.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for AWS LaunchConfiguration has been deprecated and will be removed in kOps 1.21.
```
